so Melanie's been molding and crafting
something special for you all week here
is plays of the month form a gang we've
been kicking around a few themes for our
phase of make and this one just kept
popping up over and over yeah if it's
superhero time that reminds me of the
night Adam Ashley Cooper did this in
2012 he me right trees on pellet Henry
Spike's turn you can wear whatever you
want when you play rugby like this and
he comes well the most and maybe the
competition
now for the gloss finish the unstoppable
spite shrine yes that'll work right
we've seen some repeat rise this month
and I've got another front cover finish
for you from Milani Manor and the blues
holy gunpowder this is so good
and we'll call him electric blue flash
the rebels call this next bloke super
sefa just wait for you see him go
Dallas at night Baloo jr. tried to come
across he won't get there and now
McIntyre the young man
for the melbourne rebels super-super
Rempel we're there cause i love it and
only 20 cents and our final peak of the
tries he may goes to RT surveyor who
capped the sort of trifle from another
planet the Hurricanes have been scouring
all year straightaway for the arrogance
and hold it there
atomic arty someone get me a copy now
you can't have a month of superheroes
without some super villains cue the
music and Norton oh and there's a real
problem now what happened before that
which brought the snapper back but hurry
weeks has gone at least three punches
that have landed
straight leg and shots and while they
were plenty but giving lays the batman
treatment old-school stylez disdain to
us my big inner Johnny
oh it's a good tackle
tackle righto
okay wait notes are hidden park for our
best
high-five stuff up in some time the bell
alrighty we're wrapping the month of May
with a quick look back at drew Mitchell
who helped to launder the European
Champions Cup trophy massive result a
week later the great man was back in the
South of France dressed as a baby and
truly gets a comic book cover - this was
just so French on that night where Pocky
are dummies nappies capes and masks and
saying goodbye wished episode ever
Oh No we'll see you all again around 30
days with your next hit of plays